# Password-checker
Background of this password checker project: We are tapping into an API that has access to a database of all the hashed passwords that have been leaked.
-	request_api_data function: This function will request, from the API, all the passwords that have the same first 5 characters as our hashed password. Also prints for us is the status on the request; whether it is a valid one or not.
-	get_password_leaks_count function: This function grabs the data we requested in function 1 (hashed passwords that match the first 5 digits of our hashed password and number of times it has been leaked) and splits it by the hashed password and how many times it has been leaked. Then we loop though each returned hashed tail to see if it matches our hashed tail and if it does then return the count if 0 then it returns 0
-	Pwned_api_check function: This function will check our password against the requested hashed passwords. So, first thing we do is hash our own password with hashlib (a python hashing module). Then we create 2 objects from our hashed password, one with the first 5 characters and another with the rest of the characters (Tail). Then we make an object out of the status code based on the first 5 digits of our hashed password. Finally, we grab the count of the number of times the hashed password has been leaked
-	Main function allows us to use the terminal to input passwords we want to check. Also returns how many times the password has been hacked  
-	If name== main function: this function makes it, so it so that the program only runs if it’s the main file being run from the command line and not being imported. 
